hello guys it is arrow Cod maniac here
and I'm delightfully bringing you the
very first prestige on call duty black
ops 2 for the Nintendo Wii U as you can
see right there i am level 55 I have
3256 kills and I'm with my good old
buddy legendary and I'm just for a good
old instance right here you can see the
FMS MC submachine gun does have some
challenges left before it becomes gold i
still have got a little bit few things
to do this will be my second gold weapon
and just heads up though prestiging does
not reset my challenges so it's very
different and for some more confirmation
as you can see right there on the
leaderboards I'm actually listed as
ranking number one now this is a career
leaderboard this is not the level
leaderboard but there is the second
place person below me he is level 52
he's the second highest level and he is
actually I'll flying right now he got
offline about two hours ago so I took
advantage of that and started growing
levels easily so here we are we are
doing the prestige now and here is
prestige mode is a nice little green
eagle and it says it will start over at
level 1 having gained a bit of prestige
but you keep all of your progress for
camel weapon levels and challenges in
exchange you can permanently unlock an
item which is one of the 3 prestige
awards won an extra class lot to option
to refund unlock tokens any time or
three option to reset all of your stats
and progress okay so let's go let's do
some learning more apparently it's a
little bit complicated I now entering
prestige will relock creative class
items in scorestreaks and you will need
to unlock them again you can decide
whether to unlock the same items or try
something new that you did not
previously unlock all right let's enter
prestige now this game does not say are
you sure or whatever so it's only to
interpret ages this time and there we go
now for our prestige award we have three
procedure awards is that restart stats
refund a previous token or uh create an
extra creative class slot so obviously
I'm going for the creative class lot
pretty sure that's the only thing that's
useful out of these choices I'm
surprised it input gear
really surprised about that but so there
we go and it glitched out and made my
entire thing my XP bar huge I don't know
why but we love that a PDW call sign
yeah and that's beautiful so after
playing a full match I got myself to
level 4 and you unlock these prestige
call sign challenges now you don't
unlock any call signs for getting slow
before or getting into first prestige or
nothing but you do unlock the ability to
unlock these so it's kind of weird it's
kind of you know okay I guess um i'm not
sure if i will try to get all call signs
but I my main goal is to get all diamond
weapons so I'm going to try my best to
get the diamond submachine guns by this
weekend maybe the week I don't know we
will see but hopefully you guys enjoy
the very first prestige and call duty
black ops 2 for the Nintendo Wii U this
is a 50-50 project between me and ryan i
do not want to take full credit for this
we take turns every hour on the hour
even and it works um yeah I work so it's
fun and I hope you guys enjoy right
arrow cloud maniac out